net: lib: nrf_cloud: remove P-GPS prediction periods which do not work (#9806)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/nrf_cloud_pgps.rst

Configure these additional options to refine the behavior of P-GPS:

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_PGPS_PREDICTION_PERIOD_120_MIN`

Author: Thanks, good point. It's updated now.

In these cases, predictions might be unavailable until a connection is established to the cloud.

.. note::

>    Each prediction requires 2 kB of flash. With 42 predictions per week, the flash requirement adds up to 84 kB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Each prediction requires 2 kB of flash.
   With 42 predictions in a week, the flash requirement adds up to 84 kB.
```
